Modify documentation (#399)
ansys/pyansys-dev-guide: doc/source/doc-style/doc-configuration.rst

Required Sphinx configuration
=============================

> The following page explains the minimum required `Sphinx`_ configuration for

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This page explains the minimum required `Sphinx`_ configuration for
```

Once the ``sphinx-build`` command is triggered, the configuration declared in the
``conf.py`` file is applied when rendering the documentation pages. 

The ``conf.py`` file
--------------------

> The following ``conf.py`` file provides the minimum required configuration for a

Reviewer: ```suggestion

The following ``conf.py`` file provides the minimum required configuration for a
```

Automation files
----------------

> As indicated earlier in this topic, the ``sphinx-build`` program and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As indicated earlier on this page, the ``sphinx-build`` program and
```
